---
layout: post
title: "Letting go"
date: 2021-05-26
description: "Some time ago I had a breakup with someone whom I spent a long time with. It was something that for some reason left me more broken..."
banner_image: post/20210516_meaning_easier.jpg
category: art
tags: [Comics]
---

Some time ago I had a breakup with someone whom I spent a long time with. It was something that for some reason left me more broken than I thought so I decided to start therapy to understand my emotions and feelings. During that time I felt lost and tired of myself and I knew that there was something I had to change.

I remember crying one afternoon when I got this idea of creating doodles to let go of my own negative emotions and also to put on paper what I had learned during my time with the therapists. It was then when I created the first draft of the very first comic for Letting Go Comics. It was a way to make some sense from all the things I was feeling and taking the time to reflect on why I was feeling in that way.

Over the days, creating these doodles had some kind of a therapeutic effect on me. As if I was taking all I had in my head and creating something that expressed myself and my situation in a physical format. And I thought that I wanted to keep it for myself as a memory.

After some weeks, while I was drawing a bit more, I realized that maybe my experience would be helpful for others that are going through the same thing. Maybe these comics would be a way to express what they were feeling when words cannot explain that. Maybe they could find relief from their emotions in these comics, as much as I found relief in them. So I decided that I would release some of them to the public as a way to let others know that is OK to feel sad, broken, and lost during this process.

At first, I wanted to draw these comics myself but I must accept that even if I love drawing, I am really bad at it so I thought that contacting someone with much more talent would make justice to the message I wanted to convey. So that’s how I contacted [@dartvidgo](https://www.instagram.com/dartvidgo/), a friend of mine who is an amazing artist and does lots of illustrations. After explaining the concept, he joined the project, and then Letting Go Comics was born. Since then, we released a comic every Monday starting in March 2021 and the series is now complete.

You can check all the comics below. Click to expand.

{% include image-gallery.html folder="assets/images/post/lettinggo" %}
